--ctrlmidich improved documentation (#1053)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Include-Client-Commands.md

- `--mutemyown` Prevent me from hearing what I play in the server mix (headless only)                                                      
-  `-c` or `--connect`  Connect to given server address on startup, format `address[:port]`  
-  `-j` or `--nojackconnect`  Disable auto JACK connections  

> -  `--ctrlmidich`  MIDI controller channel to listen on, MIDI control number and count of consecutive CC numbers (Jamulus channels), Mute Myself CC number and device selection option. Format: `channel[;fn[*n]][;pn[*n]][;sn[*n]][;mn[*n]][;on][;dDeviceName]` See [Tips & Tricks](Tips-Tricks-More#using---ctrlmidich-for-midi-controllers).

Author: ```suggestion
-  `--ctrlmidich`  MIDI channel to listen on, Jamulus control + MIDI control number and count of consecutive CC numbers (or Jamulus channels), device selection option. Format: `channel[;fn[*n]][;pn[*n]][;sn[*n]][;mn[*n]][;on][;dDeviceName]` See [Tips & Tricks](Tips-Tricks-More#using---ctrlmidich-for-midi-controllers).
```
The English text was a bit inconsistent with the "Format" bit.  I'm not sure this is explanatory enough but it gives the link to the docs anyway.
